Project Name: H2oHH no! 
Authors: Anushree and Anushka

What is our Project?
Our project is a cup that does not let you drink water. Everytime you try to drink water it splashes you in the face and then starts roasting you.

What did we use?
1. Arduino Uno R3: The brain of the project
2. Water Sensor: detects when the water level of the project decreases 
3. DF PlayerMini: Stores the roasts in the Microsd Card
4. Speaker: Plays the sound
5. Water pump: Pumps the water to splash the drinkers face
6. Straw: Helps direction the water 
7. Transistors: Acts as a switch for the water pump
8. Resistors
9. Jumper Wires
10. Breadboard

How does it work?
1. The person who is thirsty pics up the glass to drink water. As they start drinking water, the water sensor detects a change in the level of the water.
2. This change in the level of the water results in the trigerring of the DF Mini Player that contains the roasts.
3. This in turn results in the roasts being played through the speaker.
4. The change in water level also triggers the water pump that in turn using the transistor to turn on and splashes the person who tries to drink water.
5. This creates the project that doesnt allow people to drink water.

How to Build this Water Bottle:
Components Required:
Arduino (Uno/Nano)
Water Pump (small 5V/12V pump)
DF Mini Player (for playing roast audio)
Water Level Sensor (to detect drinking attempt)
Resistors (for circuit stability)
Jumper Wires
Transistor (e.g., NPN like BC547 for pump control)
MicroSD Card (with audio files for DF Mini Player)
Speaker (for roasting sounds)
Battery Pack (for portability)
Wiring Instructions:
Water Level Sensor

Connect VCC to 5V on Arduino
Connect GND to GND on Arduino
Connect Signal Pin to A0 on Arduino
Water Pump

Connect Pump Positive (+) to Collector of the NPN Transistor
Connect Pump Negative (-) to GND
Connect Transistor Emitter to GND
Connect Base of the transistor to Arduino Digital Pin 9 via a 1kΩ resistor
DF Mini Player & Speaker

Connect VCC to 5V
Connect GND to GND
Connect RX to TX (Pin 10) on Arduino
Connect TX to RX (Pin 11) on Arduino
Connect Speaker terminals to the SPK1 & SPK2 of the DF Mini Player
Powering the Setup

If using a 9V battery, connect it to the Vin of the Arduino
If using a power bank, connect it to the USB port
Code Logic:
The water level sensor detects when someone tilts the bottle to drink.
The Arduino triggers the water pump to spray water back at them.
Simultaneously, the DF Mini Player plays a random roast audio clip.


